# Project 2
Objective: An object-oriented programming language supports abstraction, encapsulation, inheritance and polymorphism. Inheritance is a means for incrementally building new types from an existing parent type by inheriting, modifying, or adding to both the existing components and operations of the parent type. Inheritance greatly supports reuse in the software development process. Graphical User Interfaces (GUI) is a technique that provides a friendly environment for users. Students will practice these techniques in this project.

Project Assignment: Design and implement a ticket reservation system for United Airline. The United Airline has two airplanes that fly between Greensboro and Newark every day. UnitedAirline.Business 310 departures from Greensboro at 8:00 AM and arrive Newark at 9:30 AM. UnitedAirline.Business 320 departures from Newark at 1:59 PM and arrives Greensboro at 3:29PM. Each airplane provides three types of airplane tickets. Economy class allows a passenger to select a window or aisle seat. Business class allows a passenger to select a window or an aisle seat and select a snack. The snack can be cookies or peanuts. First class provides all services Business class provided; pluses a passenger can have a free taxi. The price of an Economic class ticket is $300. The price of a Business class ticket is 50% more than the price of an economic class ticket. The price of a First-class ticket is double of the price of a business class ticket. This system should allow an agent to input a customer name, starting city and destination, ticket number, class selected, departure date and time. It will display all information on the screen. Use single inheritance to implement this system.
